Welcome back.
Let's convert our stack data structure to use a race.
And this is going to be fairly simple.
All we're going to do is remove all of this in the constructor and have this dot array equal to an empty
array.
We don't need the length property because that comes built in with arrays and JavaScript.
Obviously this may be different for different programming languages, but for now we have this available
to us in our language that we're using right now.
So there you have it.
That's our constructor.
What about peak?
Well, peak simply means that we want to see the very end of the array.
Remember, with stacks, it's last in, first out.
So when we do a peak, we want to see the very top thing, the latest thing that we've added.
In our case, we can just simply say this dot array.
And we're going to access that array with broken notation.
And it's going to say this dot array, dot length, which is the length of the array minus one, because
we do minus one because our index starts from 0 to 1 versus the length that starts from 1 to 2.
That's it.
We have peak implemented.
Let's just comment this out and make sure that peak works.
If I run this.
We get undefined.
Well, because there's nothing in the array and we can probably give better errors if we wanted to here.
But for now I think this is fine.
What about push?
Well, with push, we get to delete all this code and simply say this dot array.
Dot push value.
How nice is that?
That was nice and clean.
Comes prebuilt with arrays.
We can just use push.
So if I do.
My stack dot push and I click Run.
Well, Peake here is giving me Google, but let's just run push only.
I get a stack that has an array with Google in it.
If I push to Udemy.
I've added Udemy.
If I do push discord.
I've added discord.
And if I do peak here, I should get discord back.
Because it's the latest entry.
There you go.
How simple is that?
That means that pop is also going to be very simple, right?
Absolutely.
Feels good deleting code, doesn't it?
I hope we do.
Is this dot dot pop that comes already in JavaScript?
We can just return this if we want.
If I click run, we'll have to run the pop here.
Let's run, Pop.
Which removes discord from the list.
If I run, pop again.
I get Google and if I pop this and I click run, we have an empty array.
Look at that.
Nice and simple.
We didn't even have to use the note class.
And that's pretty nice, right?
So you can just use arrays as stacks quite easily.
And we've already discussed the pros and cons and using linked lists versus arrays.
One of the nice things about using an array is, well, arrays, at least in JavaScript already act
like stacks, and it makes things very simple for us.
But enough about stocks.
Let's implement our own cue this time around.
I'll see you in the next one.
Bye bye.